# Epilogue

Daybreak.

Clementine’s eyes fluttered open. She lay on her bed, wrapped in a thick blanket, a puffy pillow under her head. On top of the blanket was a kitsune with cream-colored fur and scarlet eyes. Those eyes glimmered against the crisp November rays of dawn. How Clementine missed them.

“Good morning,” Solana said.

“Good… morning?” Clementine replied. She held up one arm. On the underside of the forearm, she saw a wad of cotton held in place by a bandage. She stared at it for a moment, then touched it. She pinched the bandage and saw a small burgundy stain on the underside.

She then stared blankly. She still couldn’t quite believe that what had happened just yesterday wasn’t one big fever dream—and now, this morning, everything seemed… normal.

She turned her gaze to Solana. Her mouth pinched. “I missed you,” she said.

Solana swished her tails and offered a kind squint. “As did I,” she replied.

Clementine smiled warmly.

Solana slid off the end of the bed and twirled her tails. “You should prepare for the day,” she said. “You have a visitor waiting for you.”

---

She swung her legs off the side of the bed and dug through her clothes drawers. She took a few minutes to change out of her sleepwear and into a short-sleeved shirt and sweatpants. She then stumbled across the hallway and pattered towards the entrance.

She leaned forward with one eye against the peephole. Vicerre was on the other side. He stood straight, and his arms were folded back. Behind him, she could make out the edges of a rectangular, glass container in his hands.

Clementine’s eyes widened.

Vicerre seemed to notice the sound of Clementine’s feet, as he rested the container on the ground and started walking away.

“Wait!” Clementine shouted.

Vicerre stopped and turned around.

Clementine pushed the door open. “…Come in,” she said firmly.

Returning to the entrance, Vicerre collected the glass container from the floor, then carefully rose to meet Clementine’s gaze. As he did so, she noticed that his eyes were an icy blue color—just like Armin’s.

“I brought you breakfast,” he softly said, glancing at the container. “There’s some for your friends, too.”

“Breakfast…?” she echoed, brow wrinkled. “—Friends?”

She shot a skeptical glance at Solana. This seemed too good to be true.

Then, to Vicerre, she nodded. She took the container from him and looked inside. Past the glass was a medley of foods—five scones, each filled with red jam, three hard-boiled and deshelled chicken eggs, and a mass of assorted blue and black berries. A section of the container was cordoned off, with a smaller container inside, made of opaque plastic. She could tell through the glass that the food was still warm.

She moved aside to give Vicerre room to enter, and then she shut the door.

Then, she placed the container at the dining table and grabbed some ceramic plates, cutlery, and napkins for the table, as well as two glasses of iced tea. She tiptoed over to the empty chair and sat down, looking at him.

Vicerre took the seat opposite her. He crossed his legs and perched his head on his right hand. He then pointed his eyes at the table setting, then at Clementine, staring closely yet gently at her.

Clementine opened the lid, and a warm, savory smell emanated from the container. Her mouth started to water. She plucked a scone in one hand, brought it up to her mouth, and waved it idly in front of her nose.

Vicerre made a gesture with his head that said to eat.

Clementine bit down. The scone was moist and rich. She chewed through it, savoring the sweet texture and taste. After she swallowed the bite, she said, her voice slightly muffled, “This is nice?”

Vicerre smiled softly. He then interleaved his fingers and rested his elbows against the table. “I figure that if I am to make amends, then I should start with amenities.”

Clementine took another bite out of the scone, then chewed it over thoroughly. “Amends?” she hiccuped.

Vicerre leaned forward. “Or if that’s too forward, you can choose to believe that this is Armin speaking.”

Clementine took her eyes off of Vicerre, and they darted around the room in thought.

“If this is Armin speaking, can I ask him one thing?”

“Of course.”

Clementine deliberated, then asked, “Is he okay?”

Vicerre stared at her back. He then quietly said, “He’s fine. And he’s deeply grateful that you didn’t give up on him, despite what I had to say.” He gave a slight shrug. “That’s the truth.”

Clementine’s mouth twitched.

She then grabbed a scone and egg from the container, glanced at Solana, bent under the table, and placed both items in front of her. Solana looked at Clementine curiously, then started eating.

Then she checked the small plastic container. It was cool to the touch. Inside was a small scoop of strawberry ice cream. She took the container and placed it against Neko, who had been napping on his favorite shelf. As soon as his whiskers brushed against the container, his tail perked up and he stuck his face in the sweet treat.

Returning to the dining table, Clementine met Vicerre with a thoughtful expression on her face. “If you don’t mind me asking,” she said, “what’s your availability like today?”

Vicerre’s head leaned, and he looked at Clementine with intent.

She crossed her fingers, and her vision wandered off. “I was planning on taking Neko to the anthropology museum later, and I was thinking… if you had the time, would you be interested in coming along with us?”

Vicerre paused and looked away from her.

He then smirked. “You should really formulate a better cover story,” he said.

Clementine’s head hung down, and the corners of her lips pinched into a smile. “Darn. It was that obvious, huh?”

He shrugged. “In any case,” he said, “I’d be glad to join you.”

Clementine smiled.

“Oh, and one last thing,” Vicerre said.

He reached into a pocket and pulled out a folded piece of paper, sliding it across the table.

Clementine picked it up and unfolded it. She looked at the paper and furrowed her brows at him. “What’s this about a ‘fresh herb’?” she asked.

“Just some food for thought,” he said, lightly smiling. “You’ll figure it out.”

---

    > Awkwardly step around him for a fresh herb (9)
    > Password 3:
