# Chapter 4 – Air

Clementine thought that the next Headscape was quite pleasant. The grass beneath her shoes was lush and supple, the sky overhead a crisp blue. Tall evergreens rolled in a gentle breeze, scattering sunlight into indistinct shapes. A snow-capped mountain loomed in the distance. Several finches flapped their wings and flew into the canopy. The squeaking of a marmot disturbed the tranquility.

She walked up to a spruce tree, grabbed one of its branches, and ran her fingers through the bristles, noting how real it felt.

Suddenly, a wave of cold air washed over her, and her skin prickled. She looked at where the wind was coming from and saw a spire of ice. It stretched dozens of meters from the ground, easily clearing the tree canopy. At the apex was Armin, looking around. He seemed to have fashioned an observation post for himself.

A moment later, the spire had started to recede. The ice began dissolving into the air, and several seconds later, Armin had returned to solid ground.

Armin then trotted up to Clementine. “We’ll need to get close to the mountain to jump to the next Headscape,” he said. He then pointed in a direction with a tail. “There’s a large river this way that leads straight to the foothills.”

“And we follow the river?” Clementine asked.

“Almost!” Armin replied jovially. He glanced over at the remaining ice behind him. “Downstream leads directly to the mountain, and I thought it might be fun to raft towards it instead.”

Clementine’s eyebrows raised, and she smiled at him. “Using your ice?” she said. “That’s clever! And rafting does sound fun.”

---

They had only traveled for what felt like fifteen minutes before Armin came to a stop. They were in an open patch of grassy field, surrounded by tall pines on all sides.

Armin’s ears swiveled, his tails fluffed up, and the surrounding air became cold. He hunched down and glanced past the treetops.

“Hold on, Clem,” he whispered.

A shadow appeared out of the corner of Clementine’s eyes, skimming over their heads, occluding the sun, and vanishing into the trees.

Armin divined the air with his tails. The surrounding air chilled further, and an array of hooked icicles formed in a circle around him, pointing to the skies.

Clementine looked where Armin pointed.

In the sky was a large bird, cutting through the air effortlessly. She had nearly missed it at first, as its blue and white plumage matched the color of the sky. It had a broad pair of wings, at least six meters in span, and long, hooked talons. Its beak was hooked, and it had fixed its fierce gaze on them.

“That’s a giant eagle,” Clementine stated. “You don’t need to worry; they don’t usually hunt humans or kitsune.”

“_Usually?_” Armin cried, flattening his ears. He glanced between Clementine and the eagle. “But it’s flying directly towards us. Are you sure we’re not being hunted?”

Clementine nodded firmly. “It wouldn’t let us see its shadow if it was trying,” she said. “Otherwise, we would have been ambushed without being given the chance to react.”

She then looked down, her eyes shifting across the ground. “But if that’s the case…” Her eyes lit up.

She turned towards Armin. “Is this eagle a dreamer, by any chance?”

Armin nodded.

She reached into the little fortress he made for himself, careful not to prick herself on the icicles. As Armin saw that she was reaching for him, the icicles retracted. With both hands firmly wrapped around his midsection, she hoisted him out of the ice.

Armin fidgeted in Clementine’s arms, making an uncertain, high-pitched noise. “Er, what are you doing?”

Clementine dropped onto the ground, cross-legged, holding the kitsune across her lap. She ruffled his head playfully. “Showing Swey that you’re not a threat.”

He looked up at her, slowly blinking. “Swey?”

At that moment, the eagle’s wings loomed over them, casting them into shadow. Before either of them could react, the eagle had roosted over them, squashing Clementine and Armin and burying them in down. Armin struggled for his bearings, between Clementine’s arms around him and feathers tickling his nose.

“Hey, Swey!” Clementine said, her tone muffled. She pressed her fingers against the eagle’s breast, then moved them in a rolling motion. “It’s been a while, hasn’t it?”

The eagle jumped off, sat down next to them, and chirped. Clementine folded herself into a sitting position, her posture relaxed. Armin wrinkled his nose, sneezed, and smacked his lips.

Swey leaned towards Clementine, and Clementine gently placed a hand on the eagle’s head. “Just over a year ago, he injured his wing and couldn’t fly. While he was at the rehabilitation center, I took some time every week to bring him extra fish and blankets and play with him.”

Armin blinked. “Play,” he said. “With an apex predator.”

“They need mental stimulation, too! And besides, they’re very intelligent.”

Swey made a clicking sound, walked in a circle, and stomped at the ground. He then nodded at the mountain and lowered his wings.

Armin leaned towards Clementine. “…What’s he doing?”

“I think he wants to show us something on the mountain, and…” Clementine looked up and pinched her lips. “…he’s offering us a flight to see it.”

Swey clicked and bobbed his head.

Armin blinked at him. “To confirm, when you say ‘flight’, are you referring to a flight on his back?”

Clementine nodded.

“Huh,” he remarked. “So I take it that we won’t be rafting?”

Clementine shrugged lightly. “If you don’t want to, we don’t have to.”

Armin tilted his head and stared at the vast canvas above. “I suppose it could be fun.”

A beam of joy spread across Clementine’s face as she squeezed Armin tightly. “Thank you,” she said.

Armin’s tails twitched gently in return.

Clementine placed Armin on the ground and stood up, rolling her legs one by one. She then hopped on Swey’s back, arms and legs tightly pressed around his side, face buried against the back of his head.

Armin lifted himself on an icy platform for a better vantage point. “Is that truly the optimal riding pose on an eagle? It lacks… decorum,” he commented with amusement.

Clementine laughed through a mouthful of feathers. “I know, right? Aerodynamics. On the plus side, you don’t need to see where you’re going when flying with an eagle.” Clementine lifted her head and looked at Armin. “Now, as for _you_…” She waved her hand towards him. “Get on my shoulders.”

Armin pulled his head back, tails shuffling. “O-okay.” He shifted the platform towards her, then leapt onto Clementine’s back. He curled around her like a living fur coat.

“I’ve never ridden on anything before, much less on the shoulders of a person,” he remarked.

Clementine patted Armin’s head. “It’ll be fun—and you can always tell me if you change your mind.” She shifted her weight, then patted the eagle on the flank. “Okay, we’re ready!”

Swey’s wings unfurled, beating the air. He took to the skies, carrying Clementine and Armin off the ground. Armin closed his eyes and took deep breaths as they pulled higher and higher, and the ground fell away.

They were now above the tree canopy, and the sun shone unfiltered against their backs. The wind buffeted at them, yet it was invigorating at the same time. Swey soared over cliffs and dove through valleys, following the river and climbing the foothills.

Armin opened his eyes a crack and gazed at the landscape below. A waterfall crashed from a cliffside, sending a curtain of mist into the air. It was a beautiful sight, and one he didn’t get to see often.

Soon, they were over the foothills, and their destination came into sight.

---

They approached on a stony ledge near the summit of the mountain. It was wide and flat, and there was an overhang that sheltered a small cave.

Swey landed gracefully in front of the shelter, and Clementine dismounted.

Folding her arms, Clementine grabbed Armin off her shoulders and placed him on the ground. He fanned his tails out and wobbled a bit before finding his balance.

“How did you like it?” Clementine asked.

Armin nodded, out of breath. “It was… quite remarkable.” His tails swayed. “Thank you, Clem.”

She smiled. She then turned towards Swey. “As for _you_… what did you want to show me?”

Swey hopped up and down once then pointed towards the cave.

Clementine looked over. Sticks and twigs had been arranged in a circle around the entrance. Inside the arrangement was another eagle, smaller than Swey but otherwise identical. Two fledglings, covered in white down, were tucked under her wings.

Clementine’s eyes gleamed, and she smiled broadly. “You found a partner!”

Swey looked towards Clementine and chirped brightly in response.

Turning towards Armin, Clementine said, “These other eagles are other dreamers, right? This isn’t part of the dream?”

Armin nodded.

Clementine turned back and hugged Swey. “It was nice to hear from you again. I’m so glad to see you’re doing well!”

Swey bobbed his head and snuggled against Clementine’s shoulder.

Clementine walked back towards Armin and hugged him, too. “And thank you, too, for bringing us to this world!”

“Er… thank you?” Armin replied sheepishly.

One of the eagle fledglings started dissolving away, its feathers turning into fine, lavender smoke. This was followed by the adult female.

Clementine reached out, only to snatch a handful of dust. She looked at Armin, her eyes growing fraught with worry.

“The dreamers are waking up,” he gently explained. “This Headscape will soon follow.”

Clementine’s eyes widened. “Waking up? …That means they’re not stuck here.” She gasped. “So they’re safe!”

She quickly turned towards Swey, but he had disappeared halfway already. Her eyes grew wide. “Wait wait wait!” Clementine cried. “I need your help. Do you remember where Firenze is? The city with the river and tall buildings with red roofs?”

What remained of him bobbed at Clementine. The ground under Clementine’s feet became like sand, and her shoes were sinking in.

“Okay, great—can you find 49th Street? If you follow the river east, you can count the street numbers—”

That was as far as Clementine could get before Swey vanished entirely.

Clementine grunted in frustration. “Dang it—not now!”

“Clem, we must get going,” Armin shouted. He had already cast a portal and leaped through it.

Clementine’s eyes darted from the portal to the dissolving world around her. She then dug herself out of the sand and scrambled through the portal.

Once she passed through, Clementine kicked the ground. “We were so close!” she exclaimed.

She paced in a circle. “If we just had a little more time, we could have sent a message to the real world and gotten help.”

“We could have. Or, we could have played right into Vicerre’s hands and given him more thralls to work with,” Armin replied.

“But—”

“Clementine,” Armin said. “I want to resolve this incident as much as you do—I really do. But if we rush things, we might be putting others in harm’s way.”

Clementine gnashed her teeth and huffed. “But we can’t just wait, either! He could be putting more people in harm’s way this instant.”

“If that’s the case, we can fix the damage by finding and stopping the phenomenon at its source.”

Clementine heaved her shoulders, then took a long, drawn-out sigh.

“It’s okay,” he reassured. “We’re still one step closer to finding a resolution to this phenomenon.”

He looked past her legs and waved. “Besides, you should say ‘hi’ to Solana.”

[Next: Crossings »](2022-08-23_chapter-05_crossings.md)
